docs: add cryptographic docs (#744)
canonical/craft-application: docs/explanation/cryptography.rst

.. _explanation_cryptographic-technology:

Cryptographic technology in Craft Application
=============================================

Craft Application uses cryptographic technologies to fetch arbitrary files over the
internet. It does not directly implement its own cryptography, but it does depend on
external libraries to do so.

Arbitrary network connection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Craft Application provides the infrastructure for arbitrary network connections with its
Request service. All connections are made through the `Requests`_ library using the
sensible defaults.

> Internally, this library only uses the Request service as a backend for triggering

Author: Completely missed launchpadlib in my review, thanks

remote builds on `Launchpad <https://launchpad.net>`_. However, the library is available
and stabilized for general use by consuming applications.

Public key signing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Craft Application supports the adding and verification of arbitrary package
repositories. For more information, see the cryptographic documentation for `Craft
Archives`_.

> The "parts" system
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> Craft Application makes use of "parts" in the project file for enabling declarative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parts system
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Craft Application makes use of *parts* in project files for declarative
```

.. _explanation_cryptographic-technology:

Cryptographic technology in Craft Application
=============================================

Craft Application uses cryptographic technologies to fetch arbitrary files over the
internet. It does not directly implement its own cryptography, but it does depend on
external libraries to do so.

Remote building
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Craft Application uses `launchpadlib`_ to interact with the `Launchpad`_ API and trigger

> remote builds. Login credentials for Launchpad are stored in an encrypted file in the

Reviewer 2: These are stored in plaintext. `cat ~/.local/share/snapcraft/launchpad-credentials`

> remote builds. Login credentials for Launchpad are stored in an plain text file in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
remote builds. Login credentials for Launchpad are stored in a plain text file in the
```
